feat(changelog): mongodb-added-managed-mongodb-general-availability 2025-06-10 (#5099)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2025/2025-06-10-mongodb-added-managed-mongodb-general-availability.mdx

---
title: Managed MongoDB General Availability!
status: added
date: 2025-06-10
category: databases
product: mongodb
---

> Managed MongoDB is now in General availability. Refer to [this documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-mongodb-databases/quickstart/) to test it quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed MongoDB is now in General availability. Refer to the dedicated [MongoDB product documentation](/managed-mongodb-databases/quickstart/) to test it quickly.
```
